after experiencing life at the beach
arisu and usagi determined that life at
the beach is not for them
most of the residents at the beach were
quite happy with the lifestyle they
enjoyed and were quite loyal to the
leader
hatter when arisa found a container full
of rotting corpses
it shows that hatter was deadly serious
about the death to the traitor's rule
the character silver hare whose name is
kaise aya introduced himself to arisu
and yusuji
as suspected he and kuana have an
ulterior motive
kaiseia was planning to steal all the
playing cards and escape from the beach
the militants were due to take over any
time now and the beach will not be as
nice once the militants have taken over
naragi's psychopathy is on full display
when hatter's corpse returns from a
failed game attempt
while intimidating all the other
executives into electing a gunny as the
new leader at gunpoint
he starts beating hatter's corpse with
the butt of his rifle which is very
disrespectful
as the militants were now in charge this
gave kaizhiya the opportunity he needed
as there was a change in leadership the
new number one must know the code for
the safe that contains the beach's
collection of playing cards
kaizeia using his considerable deductive
abilities figured out the code is the
8055 or boss and sent arisa to break
into the safe during a gunny's
inauguration speech
unfortunately arisa was caught in the
act and naragi viciously beats him
unconscious
aerosol was held captive in a room until
his visa expired
meanwhile anne performs an autopsy on
hatter and discovers that hatter was
executed
and kaiseia having learned from aerys
failure realized that the real safe was
behind a painting and successfully stole
the playing cards
yusuji was not safe as naragi wanted to
attack her
suddenly the lights went out kaishiya
and kuna discovered that a laser border
had been erected around the beach
it had become a game arena the next game
was going to involve everyone to play
for the ten of hearts card
when everyone assembled in the foyer
they found monica dead
having been stabbed in the chest the
game is called witch hunt
the objective was to figure out who
killed monica within the next two hours
and burned the murderer in the pyre
outside the building
[Music]
you